welcome i'm jimmy i'm the host of the
show
thank you for watching thanks for thanks
for everything i hope you had a good
weekend
our weekend uh really ended with a bang
you feel the earthquake guillermo no i
did not feel you didn't feel it at all
oh i was asleep
wow we got a nice little jolt early this
morning when we went to bed
this is interesting when we went to bed
it was april 4th
4 4 the earthquake happened at 4 44 a.m
exactly and it was measured at a four on
the richter scale
that has to mean something right could
this be how the four horsemen of the
apocalypse show up
the good news is my precious moments
figurines are fine
no damage you know they always say you
should have a plan
for when the earthquake hits turns out
my plan is to wake up
grab my phone look at twitter and then
put it down that's
my plan earthquakes are the only thing
twitter is good for
there were no reports of significant
damage although they did have to
close the etch-a-sketch museum that was
supposed to open today
[Applause]
everything was just ruined but i have to
say
after 13 months of worrying about
inhaling a deadly virus it was
kind of nice to worry about the earth
opening up and swallowing us whole for a
change
i was back asleep within six minutes of
the earthquake i was asleep
uh until our three-year-old ran into the
room at 6
20 saying did the easter bunny hide more
stuff
which no he did not yesterday as i'm
sure you know from
the uh instagram posts was easter it was
my pastel pink shirts time to shine
every year it comes out and then goes
right back in
we mixed it up this year instead of
easter eggs we had the kids go on the
cvs website and hunt for the vaccine
that was fun
we did we did have an easter egg hunt
we hid 24 eggs in the house and once
we got 24 in the basket we're like okay
kids that's it that's all the eggs
and the kids are like oh how do you know
that's all the eggs and we're like
we just know this is the kind of thing
we know
the easter bunny has a very weak
backstory by the way
much weaker than santa claus we had to
make up a lot of details on the spot
about where he lives what his motivation
is
we told him he lives in florida and he
hates chickens is why he gathers the
eggs but
yesterday my wife tried to explain the
meaning of easter to our daughter who's
six
she wanted to know what was going on so
molly said well
jesus died and jane goes oh no
this was news to her she said don't
worry
he rose from the dead which is a lot for
a child to digest
and uh then we gave her a handful of
jelly beans and she seemed fine
sometimes i remember that jesus only
lived to be 33 years old
think about that that would be like zac
efron rising again
33. you understand
yeah a lot of um
a lot of churches held services on
zoom again this year these virtual
services which
i don't know brings up an interesting
theoretical and theological question
can god hear your prayers if you're
muted
i say no i don't think he can the white
house easter egg roll was virtual this
year because of covet
and also because of the risk of the
biden's dog major ripping some toddler's
arm off
he's just playful but the white house
they made special eggs for easter
they're actually selling them
featuring the president's dogs champ and
major who even on the egg it looks like
major's making a mess at the white house
president mrs biden offered their well
wishes for the holiday via twitter they
wrote from our family to yours we wish
you health hope joy and peace happy
easter everyone
president obama wrote this easter i hope
we can all take some time to reflect on
the blessings we enjoy
and i hope we have for a brighter future
from our family to yours
have a safe and happy easter and even
the easter dummy himself donald trump
issued a
magnanimous statement he wrote happy
easter to all including the radical left
crazies
who rigged our presidential election and
want to destroy our country
he's still got it he doesn't have
twitter but he's still got it
that message would have been better over
a picture of jesus like this right
i guess we're lucky that
we even had easter this year because
remember when trump said if biden won
there will be no holidays ever again
under biden there will be no school no
graduations no weddings no thanksgiving
no easter no christmas
no fourth of july no nothing there will
be no school
no graduations no weddings no
thanksgivings
no easter's no christmases no
thanksgiving no easter no christmas
no thanksgiving no christmas no easter
there will be no school no graduations
no weddings no thanksgiving
no christmas no fourth of july no easter
no nothing no christmas no easter no
fourth of july
and no future no i mean no future
that's the same thing he wrote on don
jr's graduation card in high school
but kentucky fried chicken little was he
held an
easter egg hunt of his own at mar-a-lago
yesterday danny don jr was there with
his girlfriend
karen i mean kimberly and together
together they shared a sweet anecdote
from the trump family memory book
in the trump family the easter egg hunt
is really competitive
i remember knockout drag out fights with
ivanka
especially uh you know back in the day
because i
may have uh you know gotten on the
security camera system
and figured out where they hid uh the
proverbial golden egg so i got it oh
when she found out what i did it was uh
it was brutal
but uh you'd probably expect nothing
less you had a lot of kind of alpha
personalities in there
even a cute family anecdote makes them
sound like the reign of caligula
doesn't it you know my brother daniel
do you have her brother daniel not
anymore we
killed him in the in the egg hunt it's
so then dj tj
tried to pitch in and give his daughter
an easter leg
up on the competition take a look at
this
chloe chloe
pick up here no no no no no okay we're
gonna steal an egg
stop the steal hey let's watch it again
because
it's fascinating and uh here we go his
daughter
snatches an egg from another kid's
clutches so daddy decides
i like that i'll throw her another rig
to reward her for her
cunning and speed but then there not
only does she fumble
the inheritance she drops all her other
eggs some of which get scooped up by the
other kids
it's another accident at the
intersection of privilege and ineptitude
but i really think that might be the
the perfect metaphor for growing up
trump
march madness is almost done as we tape
our show right now
number one seed gonzaga is playing
number one seed baylor for the ncaa
men's basketball title
so by the time you see this message i
may already be dead
but gonzaga as you know has been the
subject of a lot of controversy
because there are imaginary there's no
there's no school named gonzaga
but somehow they managed to bluff their
way into the ncaa finals
with this crazy last second buzzer
beater against
underdog ucla
again with the ball in his hands in the
paint floater short got it back
ties it with three gonzaga has time to
do something
socks
[Applause]
the clapping you hear is from usc fans
but i want you to
i want you to listen to what jim nance
said again here
[Applause]
unbelievable unbelievable on one of the
most
respected names in sports journalism a
five-time sportscast of the year jim
nance calls gonzaga what
unbelievable because he doesn't believe
they exist either i mean look at this
if gonzaga is a real school why aren't
there any students in the arena to see
this game
look at this game after game win
after win in this tournament look at the
stands there's nobody in them
you mean to tell me there was a final
four game and no one showed up for it
could that be because they have no
alumni because no one
ever went there think about this here's
your bottom line if gonzaga isn't fake
why do i keep saying it is
this is the other sports drama that's
going on
major league baseball has decided not to
have the all-star game in atlanta this
summer
in response to the new law they passed
in georgia that tries to discourage
people of color from voting baseball did
the right thing
and pulled the game and now the red
hatters are mad at them
including tani ramirez who released this
strongly worded statement
baseball's already losing tremendous
numbers of fans and now they leave
atlanta with their all-star game
because they're afraid of the radical
left democrats who do not want voter id
which is desperately needed
to have anything to do with our
elections boycott baseball and all of
the woke companies that are interfering
with free and fair elections
are you listening coke delta and all
now donald trump calling for a boycott
of coca-cola
is beautiful he had a diet coke button
on his desk in the oval office
the man urinates aspartame okay
and it's especially funny because with
all his complaining about cancer culture
this guy has tried to cancel more
culture than anybody ever
if you listen to donald trump you'd have
to cancel baseball
coke delta airlines viacom cbs citigroup
cisco ups apple macy's univision hbo
oreo rolling stone fox news starbucks
geico
goodyear amazon att the nfl t-mobile
harley-davidson nike
comcast and merc which happens to make
propecia the drug donald trump takes the
slowest balding down
what are the chances that donald trump
actually gives up
diet coke or his bald head medicine none
but he wants you to
and in fact because
because it always goes like this this is
something stephen miller tweeted today i
just had a terrific meeting
with the president not president trump
uh steve miller
is not using propecia but donald trump
is drinking a diet coke
hidden behind the phone on his desk
isn't that the best cheer up republicans
you can't watch football baseball or
basketball
or nascar anymore but you can still
watch trump play golf and drink coke
florida congresswoman matt gates is the
talk of the town in washington right now
he is reported to be under investigation
by the justice department for
potentially sex
trafficking of a 17-year-old girl he
of course claims this is a deep state
conspiracy but here's how you know
it's not going well for matt one of his
few defenders marjorie taylor green
aka clan mom uh appears to have deleted
all her photos with matt gates on
twitter
let's put that up again because what a
cue couple they are
she erased them just like 9 11. gates
wrote
an op-ed for the washington examiner
today he wrote
my personal life is and always has been
conducted on my own time
and my own dime in other words my dad
never paid for my sex i pay for all of
it
but this is a weird detail about matt
gates not only did he grow up in the
house
where they filmed the movie the truman
show his family appears to be so
desperate for attention
they have a sign out front letting
everyone who passes by no
it's the house from the truman show and
the home of matt gates
i bet at least one of those signs comes
down very very soon
one of the stories that's been
circulating over the weekend is that
gates used to brag to colleagues
about women he slept with and he'd go
around they say and show
people videos of naked lady friends
and he made no secret of this at all
[Applause]
okay fine are personal checks from my
dad okay
he's just proud of himself he's a proud
boy
speaking of monsters we have a new
number one movie in america
godzilla versus kong was tops at the box
office over the weekend it got
made 30 million dollars which is a good
sign for movies in theaters
overall and my kids are very interested
in this the other day i had to show them
the trailer
because they want to know what godzilla
is what king kong is so this morning
we decided to get him on tape watching
it and here they are you
will hear them with some dvd type
commentary
jane and billy watching the trailer for
godzilla versus kong
mom something's happening i'm just
scared to watch it
i'm scared
this looks crazy but it was coming i see
his tail
oh my god it's godzilla
it's godzilla gonna eat corn
godzilla is coming it's godzilla
and they're all talking about it
and everything is oh king kong
punched him in the face oh kahn threw
godzilla in the water
spiderman's not in this movie silly
what the heck and he's fighting
i keep reaching for greatness because
i'm built from it
one a baby will
take purple ball kong vows to no one
i don't love godzilla because he's bad
godzilla versus khan in theaters
can i make some paw patrol
oh yes they're on a roll why not
hi i'm jimmy kimmel click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel or if
you want to be that way about it don't